this is a production of bean dahlia
television and migdalia radio
audiovisual non-profit
dotcom to provide
knowledge and create pindal awareness
ya.com the first social network of help
altruistic through thought
welcome to a new video you know
of the school of emotions of life in
rosette today we are going to talk about the couple
is a subject that I know that many already
Many of you worry about how not to
if how many people dream of finding
soul mate who has not dreamed of any
time to meet the love of his
life is a precious dream is a goal
great to have in life yet
not all people serve to be
in a couple or in a couple style we go
to say traditional classic nor all the
Epochs of life are but
regardless of what is important
would be before entering into relationship with
another person learn to be in
relationship with ourselves is true
that we fell in love with other people who
at the beginning everything is beautiful because in
the mutual moment that story is strong
because it will be because we fall in love not with
the light of that person but of our
shadow of everything that we
we have denied
that we do not like in us and that
we believe because we have forgotten
we think we lack that, that's why we
we turn into orange stockings and
we look for another half orange but of course
the half orange is not out there is
here in here behind but nevertheless
we look for it outside so that two
people who have not learned to love each other
themselves to get along with themselves
to be accepted with their pluses and minus their
advantages and their disadvantages or with those
things that people call virtues and
flaws and then that other half
denied of ourselves is what
we look out there but look at the other
part does the same then two get together
people who carry a part of their
so costs can not fit itself
you have problems of a couple if you do not know
why you put the other hairs
person imagine that it is like a mirror
where you are looking that reflects that
your partner of yours that you see in
that mirror of you that you do not like
what puts you of the hairs that there are of
absent or denied in you that is
a first good starting point for
start having a wonderful relationship
with yourself I do not tell you that you
you have to divorce or separate
there are really many people who love each other
really but they want very very very in
the background and in the form was passed on the day
accusing each other of things to each other and
complaining and that destroys a relationship
So you do not feel like going home
neither one clear nor to see the other
person because that has become
in a battlefield in a war and
you have to break with all that that you have
than throw it away and you have to create a new
space in the house and I propose that
come out
think of finding yourself as if it were for
first time I know for example in a park
precious in a coffee shop and that
you pretend that never before
you have seen then when
you go approaching that person and
pose you hear that person calls me the
attention yes or no and because I would like
approaching her and I would like to
to conquer what is in it
striking that miracle
beauty what magic do I see in it and when
approaching that person throws you is a
I compliment a compress as they say in English
that is, I look you in the eyes, I see who
you are I love your smile I love the
light that I see in your heart start a
new beginning start in love with
yourselves to be able to fall in love with
the other person because when we are
able to see the light in another person is
because we are seeing it in us
you really have to throw away everything
it does not work and start falling in love with
you play catch and make yourself
a fortnight of the reproaches if you are
as a couple is the fortnight of the no
reproaches and start putting on a paper
what is that
what I like about the other person
because I fell in love with her that
I would like him to improve and all that
deliver and vice versa the other person and
those who do not have a partner is not the end
of the world is not drama someone special
here inside is waiting and
Obviously he waits for you outside so
you will have to put on a paper to see
how is my ideal partner and on another sheet
the exercise would be what I ask
I offer because of course the same attracts the
same so if you want to find a
soul mate to someone who speaks to
your soul you will have to learn to
speak first with yours
I wait for you in the next video in this
school of emotions that is life in
rosette
with all my heart
ah